hello everyone this is violet the clown
coming to you direct from my dining room
for another exciting adventure with
violet the clown today we're going to
discuss something so magical I can't
wait to share it with you I want to talk
about gardening and I don't know if your
kids are aware of this but fruit and
vegetables have seeds right inside them
if you cut open a pepper inside you'll
see seeds and you can scoop them out
with a spoon dry them on a paper towel
or on top of a piece of newspaper and
they will dry up into seeds like this
and then if you take those seeds and
plant them in the ground add some water
and some sunshine you can grow your own
food grow peppers you can grow scallions
you can grow onions you could grow
strawberries you go watermelon potatoes
it's amazing so what I wanted to show
you today was a few things in case you
wanted to start gardening at home you
could ask mom or dad to save yogurt cups
i always used my yogurt cups and then
you need mom or dad to help you poke
holes in the bottom of the cup and once
you get your yogurt cup all poked with
holes you can put dirt in there now I
sometimes get dirt from the garden store
that's organic dirt or sometimes i take
the garden the dirt from my garden
outside but either way as long as
there's no worms and bugs in that so I
scoop the dirt inside and then I plant
my seeds another way you can get seeds
is you can buy them in a package I
always try to get organic seeds and
organic vegetables because we don't need
any extra pesticides and no GMOs so I'm
going to put those right over here but
now once you plant your seeds you have
to add some water and put them in a
sunny place and then they will start to
grow I planted some the other day and
this is what I have so far these are
spinach and I always put the label of
what it is and the date that I planted
it these are spinach and when they get a
little bigger I'll separate them and put
them into four different yogurt
containers and then I'll put through my
garden
then I will juice them and eat them
another great way now those that spinach
came from seeds but these are scallions
and scallions are really cool because
what you can do is after mom or dad or
onto your grandma or whoever use the
scallions you chop them off and then you
can put them in a cup like this with
water and I don't know if you can see
but see how they've started to grow on
the top you put them in the dirt now i
will now later on today i will plant
these in this dirt and they will grow
new scallions it's amazing like i said
very magical in fact that works with
celery too if you look here i took a
head of celery and i chopped off all the
celery and i put the bottom in the soil
and what do you know now I have more
celery and you can eat this this is
what's amazing about this is that you
grow your own food and you can eat it oh
my gosh it's so good so oh and get a
little this this works too here is a
pineapple you can top the top of the
pineapple off and put it in dirt like we
talked this wouldn't fit niyogi couple
put in a big bucket of dirt and then out
of this part here a new pineapple plant
will grow you just need a lot of
sunshine for that one a lot of warmth
and here's some potatoes these potatoes
are little blue potatoes they're awesome
and see what's happened they've started
to sprout and what what you do is you
have mom or dad cut it in half and then
you plant the peace with this little
sprout sticking into the dirt this part
sticks out and it grows like crazy here
let me show you see this is potatoes and
they're growing like crazy so I have to
get these things in the ground that is
gardening so give it a try ask mom or
dad to get you some dirt or dig some out
of the yard and get some yogurt cups
plant some seeds or get some seeds out
of your own fruit vegetables I can't
wait to do it with watermelons all right
so next time we're going to read a story
together
I wanted to thank you so much for
watching today I know a quick shout out
to some of my friends that I went to
visit last week oh I went to visit Luke
and Isaac i also saw Molly thanks for
invite media party Molly I went to a
poem celebration visited my friend Aaron
in Foxborough I met with Kate and we had
a great time at her party Elena and
Fiona in Lexington I also had a blast at
your house thank you so much if you like
this video and you want to keep watching
you can ask mom or dad if you can
subscribe to me my channel or you could
like it also to you can email me any
questions you might have thank you so
much love you love you love you goodbye